CJ with hawks TV here at the beginning
of the journey to see what it takes to
become an Atlanta Hawks cheerleader
we'll take you through the entire
process starting here with the prelims
fitness testing bootcamp mixers all kind
of things they have to go through and
we're gonna see what it takes to get to
the finals and make the team for new
cheerleader we're looking for a number
of different things first of all they
have to physically be capable of doing
the job they have to have the look that
we want to portray as part of the
Atlanta Hawks organization and they have
to make sure that each and every one of
our fans has a great time each game and
why are you here today why are you
trying out honestly please love I love I
love the house settling so have you ever
tried out for the Hawks before I haven't
no I'm originally from Missouri so I'm a
Hawks fan and a dancer I think is the
perfect balance what is different this
year for the tryouts actually what's
different this year is that we've
separated prelims we're doing a cheer
side and a dance side but it's still all
one team but that's new brush we're
gonna start off with warm up first and
then afterwards I think they're going to
learn
of the routine I think they're gonna
make some cuts and then after that they
will learn the rest of the routine I
just want to remind everybody to just
smile have fun this is a great time
don't be nervous I'm nervous I can't
even get a little nervous are you
excited I'm very excited I'm ready to
jam bring it on will you make it to
finals Oh baby we're going to the finals
my name is already signed on the list
you're the only guy here with the number
how does that feel feels like heaven
feels like heaven to be all around all
the ladies huh yes ma'am it does I just
over it
whatever and I feel I don't even usually
fall eyebrow ever fall
I think you look good it's a lot of fun
I love to dance and cheer and just
perform so I think I'm pretty well I
think there is a little part I mess up
but as long as you keep going and smile
and have fun with it I think that's all
that matters
the most intimidating thing is when you
go up there and all the judges are in
front of you that's always the girls and
the guy came out with great energy they
worked really hard doing their learning
process and then when they perform they
really really brought us into the game
environment some of you Travis go Hawks
and clap it up so it was a great job
here with Nicola you made it through to
final so what do you expect for this
week and I expect a lot of hard work a
lot of sweat maybe some foot blisters
but a lot of fun mostly I'm so excited
I'm so ready for this I'm just really
excited to get to know the girls better
and learn some great routines and have
fun stay tuned and check back here
Hawks comm often because we'll have new
web series so we'll see you soon and you
want to see what it takes to become an
Atlanta Hawks cheerleader